an
elegant reflection of emergency's
transition from young woman
to lightly older queen
are almost identical but there we are
age is rarely kind to anyone
mr wilson came to me asking my
permission
to go to russia
i even heard a rumor that he's a kgb spy
mr wilson that's ridiculous
the country has spoken your party has
won the election
the duty befores me as sovereign to ask
you to form a government in my name
congratulations prime minister if i am
to say a few words i wonder if you might
give me another of your wonderful
tutorials with pleasure
your predecessor had very little
patience with me winston is dead
you are my guardian angel the spine in
my back
the iron in my heart you were the
compass that
steered and directed me where would
great britain be without
its no bless you instead the surveyor of
the queen's pictures
sir anthony blunt was the fourth man in
the cambridge spyrin and
a member of the royal household he spent
15 years as an active
kgb mole and passed almost 2 000
documents of sensitive military secrets
i'm sad to say he has confessed
[Music]
in full i am going to be watching you
on one wrong step treacherous snake
and i will expose you and have you
thrown in jail
you may remember at the height of the
profumo sex
scandal there was talk of a member of
the royal family being involved
there was speculation that a number of
portraits of that senior member of the
royal family had been found in his
apartment
imagine how awful it would be for
example
if those pictures saw the light of day
now
a storm it would create and
for what
now the prime minister has made several
attempts to speak to the president about
another bailout
rescue package but the president refuses
to take his call
that president johnson failed to attend
sue winston's funeral
yes on account of a cult president
johnson is a busy man
you're too busy to talk to his oldest
ally i fear
that the president may have taken
against me
for what he sees as my failure to
support him over vietnam
a peace offering from the briggs open to
secure the bailout
that's as good as it gets even candidate
never got that
really so my position has not
changed it is still no
thank you your majesty all is lost that
princess margaret should accept the
invitation
go to the white house and use the
occasion
to win over hearts and minds to the
british course
for once to play things by the book
what happens if i fail and the
government would be left with
no option but to devalue the power
yeah that's what i thought you crook and
all because
margaret was all the things i'd
specifically begged her not to be
all the things i could never be
president johnson agreed thoroughly
enthusiastically
unreservedly prime minister
well played your royal highness very
well
made
all that water turned enough of the cold
waste inside the tip
into slurry to cause the sinkhole and
then about a quarter past
nine that liquid waste broke free of the
tip slid
down the mountain i was hoping i might
persuade you to go
the very last thing emergency and rescue
services need when they're working
against the clock
is the queen turning used to digging for
curl
now digging to reach their children he
then went to the mortuary
where people were waiting to identify
the children's bodies
[Music]
they didn't smash things up they didn't
fight in the streets
what did they do they sang
the whole community so
it's the most astonishing thing i've
ever heard
you're going to tell me it was
inappropriate
the fact is anyone
heard that him today would not just have
whipped
[Music]
broken into a thousand tiny pieces
facilitation it was decided that as
as part of a new public relations
initiative you're going to be launched
what and to that end i'd like you to
participate alongside the whole family
in a landmark film to be shown on
television i spoke to the prime minister
today
as you know athens is in the throes of a
military cool
yes the foreign office view is that we
should send a plane
to bring your mother to england which is
not of our world nor
frankly suited to it she's
she's been in institutions most of her
adult life she's not
that watching them travel from castle to
castle palace the palace
in yachts and airplanes we pay for
bring her over put her in a room next to
princess anne she can keep an eye on her
yes ma'am well it seems the documentary
not only failed to achieve what i had
hoped for it has somehow achieved the
opposite we're going to do
i would like to offer you to the
manchester guardian
as the subject of a major in-depth
profile
i'm john armstrong from the guardian
could we have an interview
yes of course she said yes
for princess alice is that rarest of
creatures
a member of a royal family that has
suffered
more than the rest of us worked harder
than the rest of us
and created more good than the rest of
us but instead of business
princess alice dedicated her life to
charity work public service
and campaigning for social justice often
at great
personal risk i think it best if that
documentary were never seen again
anywhere
by anyone the government proposed and we
agree
that you should spend a term at the
university there to learn the language
and the government's thinking answer why
not pull him out of cambridge
and send him to worlds for return
we think it could be enormously helpful
my speech it was written for me by
people who don't know me so of course it
doesn't reflect who i actually am or
what i think
or indeed what i have come to learn
having been here in wales
[Music]
and there are one or two tiny additions
i'd like to make in my own voice which
actually come from me
the similarity between wales's suffering
and jaws was clear
if this union is to endure then we must
learn to respect each other's
differences
nobody likes to be ignored to not be
seen
or heard or listened to am i seen for
who and what i am no
do i have a voice rather too much of a
voice for my liking
i am not just a symbol i can lead not
just by wearing a uniform or by cutting
a ribbon
but by showing people who i am no one
wants to hear it
one small step
here at the palace yes they're being
sent around the world on a victory tour
shall i go back with a yes my god
yes please mr neil armstrong colonel
michael collins and colonel edwin aldrin
you're all honest it is a
great sir great honor gentlemen
congratulations
i didn't know what i was thinking i
expected them to be
giants gods in reality there were just
three little men pale-faced with cults
examined the modifications
as it happens there is someone i quite
like
the one cheering you on today
yes who used to be with andrew
parker-bowles until they had a falling
out
over anne mr heath
the people have voted in your party's
favor as they're sovereign i invite you
to form a government in my name
congratulations thank you majesty
they all did but the crown
always finds its way to the right head
and and one day god willing your son
you don't think he's up to it what does
he say
take the letters read them i'm sure you
know that the family would have
preferred me not to visit you
afraid perhaps i might recognize myself
in you what a king you would have made
in a kinder world
what a king we were denied you were
cruelly denied your right to reign
alongside the woman that you wanted by
your side
stared at me
she gave me a warning about what
my family i don't want to lose her ever
she's the one how shall we handle this
well i can take care of charles nice
long posting overseas will bring him to
his senses
i'll speak to one of the admiralty eight
months on the other side of the world
it'll soon go away
i have invited all hell this afternoon
it's a slightly delicate matter
something of an imbroglio involving your
son derek
your daughter mrs shrand and my grandson
the prince of wales we believe it's his
intention to ask her to marry him
as long as he's prepared for there to
always be three in the marriage andrew
parker-bowles
camilla's first love and the man she's
still devoted to she's
but the more time i spent with you the
more i got to know you the more my
feelings changed
obviously not enough but that's not true
whatever anyone tells you you must
believe that my feelings for you are
real
obviously poor charles stupid naive
charles yes so what's the next step
the families have been spoken to the
date has been set for camilla to be
married to the parker bells boy
good all that's missing is for someone
to let them right kind of partnership
will you tell charles it would only
create rancor and resentment
and while i may approve of the decision
none of this nonsense was my idea
forget what about there are so many
exchanges of views these days they've
moved on all right
he's moved on on to the next
and when i tell you that my husband is
out of the country
betraying me another woman what about
him
the one with all his clothes on well
that's roddy
i wouldn't be a responsible elder sister
or head of the family
if i didn't say how happy it would make
us all but particularly margaret
if you two were to patch things up again
who she's met
what she's doing how she's
conducting the floozy and the scrounger
lady in the trap it's not entirely
margaret's fault she had gone a long way
to be private spending 12 hours on an
airplane doesn't give you license to
behave like a [ __ ]
you must bring her back straight away
that won't be easy
she doesn't take well to my orders fine
and she can take mine say to it please
martin
please leave i won't leave
you don't want me to leave what is a
princess
you go after him and i'll divorce you
[Music]
nitrazipam the princess talk
was quite critical ma'am
nitrazepam
did you mean it
i don't know possibly of all the people
everywhere
you are the closest and most important
to me you wanted to let me imagine for
one minute what life would be like
without you
you succeeded and now the poet laureate
sir john benjamin
god save the queen and 25 years later
so sure her reign has been that
our great events are greater for the
presence
of our queen let the bells from
every steeple ring out loud the jubilee
you